Now again, as a publisher, I have some additional controls. And the most important thing is I'm a
publisher, how do I then share it with the people that need to see it? And that's going to be right
here under access controls. Now we have it set by default to specific users or groups. And if you
look right underneath, you can define those users and groups right here. I'm currently the only one
that can view this content. But let's say for example, I want to give Rachel access. Now we
would be the only two that can view this content. So really tight control over who you want to share
this application with, which is great, especially if you have any sensitive data. But we can be a
little less strict. So if you look at the middle option right here, all users login required. If I
select this, basically, as long as you can log into the Connect instance, you can view this content.
So here are positive is our demo environment, that's pretty much all positive employees,
they can log into the Connect instance, they can view it. But we can be even less strict and select
anyone, no login required. And if I do that, basically this application, this dashboard we
created when hosted on Connect is opened up to the world. So if anyone has this URL on the top
of the screen, you see right here, they can view this content. Now, if you look at this URL, you
can see it's not the prettiest URL to some random letters and numbers up here. We can change that
we can give this a more customized URL. So I can come down here to content URL. And I can just say
dash app and hit save. And now we have this customized URL at the bottom of my screen,
which we can then share with the world and anyone can view this content.